@c -*-texinfo-*-
@ifclear GLOBAL-TODO
@chapter TODO

@ifset TEXT-ONLY
@include version.texi
@end ifset

@end ifclear

@itemize @bullet

@end itemize

@ignore

@c ==================================================================
@section Questions

I would greatly appreciate your feedback on the questions
below.  Please email your thoughts to mccallum@@gnu.ai.mit.edu.

@itemize @bullet

@item
I want to put method names in texinfo indices, but the colons in the
method names are interfering with info's notion of menu item names and
node names.  Help.  Any ideas?  (Kresten?)

@item
HashTable.m (-initKeyDesc:valueDesc:capacity:)  I tried to make it
portable, but I didn't try very hard.  Anyone want to send in fixes?

@item
I fixed -emptyCopy in all the subclasses, but the -emptyCopy scheme
seems pretty fragile.  How about calling -initFoo: inside -emptyCopy?
This way we avoid having yet another method in which instance vars
must be initialized to some consistent state.  -allocCopy would never
even get called.  <<ObjC insiders: This is a less well-expressed
version of what we've just been discussing in email.>>

@item
Does anyone really need the ability to set the collection element
comparison function independent of the -compare: method?

@item
How about adding flexibity in the method name that a LinkedList sends a
LinkedListNode to get/set the link ivars.  This would enable us to add a
node to more than one linked list.

@item
Something like this needed?
- elementDidChange: (elt*)elementPtr;
Currently you have to remove, change, add, for some classes.

@end itemize



@end ignore

